Fix warp and roll cheatcodes (#389)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/guides/testing.md

### `roll`

```python

> def roll(blk_number: int, contract_address: Optional[int] = None) -> Callable[[], None]: ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def roll(blk_number: int, target_contract_address: Optional[int] = None) -> Callable[[], None]: ...
```
We have to make it consistent across cheatcodes

```

Sets a block number for a specific contract. If the `contract_address` is undefined, the roll cheatcode affects tests and contracts imported to the test file. You can call the callback returned by this cheatcode to cancel its behavior.

```cairo title="Roll cheatcode changes the value returned by get_block_number"
%lang starknet
from starkware.starknet.common.syscalls import get_block_number

@view
func test_changing_block_number{syscall_ptr : felt*}():
    %{ stop_roll = roll(123) %}
    let (bn) = get_block_number()
    assert bn = 123
    %{ stop_roll() %}

    let (bn2) = get_block_number()
    %{ ids.bn2 != 123 %}

    return ()
end
```

### `warp`

```python
def warp(blk_timestamp: int, contract_address: Optional[int] = None) -> Callable[[], None]: ...
```

> Sets a block timestamp for a speicfic contract. If the `contract_address` is undefined, the warp cheatcode affects tests and contracts imported to the test file. You can call the callback returned by this cheatcode to cancel its behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes a block number returned by `get_block_timestamp()` until the returned function is called. If `target_contract_address` is specified, `warp` affects only the contract with the specified address. Otherwise, `warp` affects  the current contract.
```
